dx-1220 removed general transaction type from callback (#734)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/callback-reference.md

*   The callback is sent from the following IP address: `82.115.146.1`
*   A callback should return a `200 OK` response.

To understand the nature of the callback, the type of transaction, its status, etc.,

> you need to perform a GET request on the received URI and inspect the response.
> The transaction type or any other information can not be inferred from the URI.
> See [URI usage][uri-usage] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to perform a `GET` request on the received URI and inspect the response.
The transaction type or any other information can not and should not be inferred
from the URI. See [URI usage][uri-usage] for more information.
```

> The transaction type used in the example below is `authorizations`.
> Other types of `transaction` can be `captures`, `cancellations`,`reversals`.

Reviewer: Please add a link reference to "URI Usage".

```suggestion
The transaction type or any other information can not be inferred from the URI.
See [URI usage][uri-usage] for more information.
```

        "number": 222222222
    },
    "transaction": {
        "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations/{{ page.transaction_id }}",
        "number": 333333333
    }
}
```

{% endif %}

> {% include transaction-response.md api_resource=include.api_resource

Reviewer: Please add some text to introduce the transaction response. Something like:

> When doing an HTTP request towards the `transaction.id` found in the callback, you will receive a transaction response as described below.

        "number": 222222222
    },
    "transaction": {
        "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations/{{ page.transaction_id }}",
        "number": 333333333
    }
}
```

{% endif %}

> To acquire the transaction response example shown below, you can do a
> HTTP request towards the `transaction.id` found in the callback resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing an HTTP `GET` request towards the URI found in the
`transaction.id` field of the callback, the response is going to look 
something like the abbreviated example provided below.
```

        "number": 222222222
    },
    "transaction": {
        "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/<transaction type>/{{ page.transaction_id }}",
        "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations/{{ page.transaction_id }}",
        "number": 333333333
    }
}
```

{% endif %}

> {:.table .table-striped}

Reviewer: Let's add examples of a response for an authorization request here. I think we have an include for that.

Author: added!
